what's going on with a little
anchor problem here may be
sucked in
sometimes during the boat's
drifting around the lines going
to eat about the Rope floats
around and gets entangled in the
propeller the rudder and when
that happens you can't maneuver
your boat because you could
break something someone is
definitely going swimming
technology no good drinks
volunteer to dive in being a
solid mate
thank God the water is 70
degrees that I kinda excited
jumping Bobby awfully scared
about all the sharks that are
swimming around imagine he got
bit by a shark diving in the
build-up to me what I'm not my
liable for that element i like
your little swimming costume
really nice kind of like a seal
there's always risk of sharks
we're that far offshore so you
know that is always a real
thought in my head my brother to
be safe be careful
thanks brother
yeah
be careful don't get tangled
diving under vote is nothing
safe about it you're dealing
with a very sharp knife so it's
very important to make precision
cuts and you pay attention what
you're doing
the other thing is the boat can
be rocking and rolling and you
don't get your head hit because
it could cause a concussion and
knock you out
it's scary it's dangerous people
have lost fingers doing this
yeah
yeah that's my boy Drake get it
done Drake getting he didn't
crack his head open
he didn't slice his fingers off
now we're ready to catch some
tunas great job getting in there
brother
yeah man no worries getting the
line out of that was definitely
my duty has made if I couldn't
do that I'm shirt I would be
disappointed man thanks for
taking one for the team man i'm
so glad enough to get wet there
is no worries i'm confident that
this season together we're going
to be a force to be reckoned
with
dude at least we can move now
for fish oh yeah